Rebecca rabbit
It's the end of another lovely day.
Peppa and George are playing with their
friends- Rebecca and Richard rabbit.
Home time! My little bunnies!
But we want to play
some more, mummy.
Maybe tomorrow.
Can George and Peppa come to
our house tomorrow?
Yes! Hooray!
Why is Richard crying?
He has a bit scared of
going down stairs.
Why?
We don't have stairs in our home.
What?
No stairs?
That's right, you'll see tomorrow.
Bye bye.
Bye bye!
It is morning.
Peppa and George are going to
Rebecca rabbit's house today.
Mummy pig can drive,
and I'll do the map reading.
Are you sure, daddy pig?
We always get lost
when you do the map reading.
We won't get lost.
Okay, is everybody ready?
Yes, mummy pig.
Then let's go.
Peppa and George are very excited.
They have never been
Rebecca rabbit's house before.
Daddy, are we nearly there?
The map says, Rebecca's
house is on the next hill.
I don't understand.
There should be
where Rebecca rabbit lives
We must be lost,
that's just a garden of carrots.
Where can Rebecca's house be?
Hello, everyone.
Rebecca.
Do you want to play in my bedroom?
Your bedroom?
But where is your house?
Peppa can not see
Rebecca's house anywhere.
This hill is our house.
It's cool the burrow.
I'll show you.
See you later.
Come in.
We don't have stairs.
We have tunnels.
Rebecca's house is
a bit different to Peppa's.
This is our bedroom.
You have a bed and a window
and a toy box just like us.
Of course.
I like your house.
I wish I was a rabbit.
I know.
Should I teach you both
how to be a rabbit?
Yes, please.
First, you have to twitch
your nose and squeak, like this.
Squeak, Squeak
Very good,
Peppa rabbit and George rabbit.
Peppa likes being a rabbit.
George likes being a rabbit.
Rabbits like carrots.
Delicious!
Hmmm, Delicious!
Yuk!
George does not like carrots.
He won't even try them.
Oh well, more for us then.
Rebecca, what else do rabbits like?
Rabbits like hopping.
Come outside, I'll show you.
Let's hop!
Rabbits like hopping.
You are very good rabbits.
Lunch time, children.
Mummy and daddy rabbits
have prepared lunch.
Rebecca has taught us
how to be rabbits.
You'll enjoy lunch then,
it's ourfavorite carrots.
Delicious!
Delicious! Delicious! Yuk!
George will not eat carrots.
Oh, dear George,
I thought you were a rabbit.
A rabbit loves carrots.
Hmmmm.
Wow! George is eating carrot.
This is ourfavorite cake,
carrot cake.
Hooray!
Carrot cake.
George is a proper rabbit now.